README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ices-tools-prod/rct3.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ices-tools-prod/rct3)
[![CRAN Status](http://r-pkg.org/badges/version/rct3)](https://cran.r-project.org/package=rct3)
[![CRAN Monthly](http://cranlogs.r-pkg.org/badges/rct3)](https://cran.r-project.org/package=rct3)
[![CRAN Total](http://cranlogs.r-pkg.org/badges/grand-total/rct3)](https://cran.r-project.org/package=rct3)


rct3
=======

rct3 provides functions to run and summarise a calibrated regression to predict recruitment 
  using the method decribed by Shepherd and implmented in RCT3 dos program Ver3.1

rct3 is implemented as an [R](https://www.r-project.org) package and
<!-- available on [CRAN](https://cran.r-project.org/package=rct3) - NOT YET!. -->
available to install from this repository

Installation
------------

rct3 can be installed from this repository using the  `install_github` command from
the `devtools` package:

```R
devtools::install_github("ices-tools-prod/rct3")
```

Usage
-----

For a summary of the package:

```R
library(rct3)
?rct3
```

References
----------

ICES Transparent Assessment Framework:
http://taf.ices.dk

Development
-----------

rct3 is developed openly on
[GitHub](https://github.com/ices-tools-dev/rct3).

Feel free to open an
[issue](https://github.com/ices-tools-dev/rct3/issues) there if you
encounter problems or have suggestions for future versions.

The current development version can be installed using:

```R
library(devtools)
install_github("ices-tools-dev/rct3")
```

Commit message:

update readme with link to code.google.com

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ices-tools-prod/rct3.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ices-tools-prod/rct3)
[![CRAN Status](http://r-pkg.org/badges/version/rct3)](https://cran.r-project.org/package=rct3)
[![CRAN Monthly](http://cranlogs.r-pkg.org/badges/rct3)](https://cran.r-project.org/package=rct3)
[![CRAN Total](http://cranlogs.r-pkg.org/badges/grand-total/rct3)](https://cran.r-project.org/package=rct3)


rct3
=======

rct3 provides functions to run and summarise a calibrated regression to predict recruitment
  using the method decribed by Shepherd and implmented in RCT3 dos program Ver3.1

rct3 is implemented as an [R](https://www.r-project.org) package and
<!-- available on [CRAN](https://cran.r-project.org/package=rct3) - NOT YET!. -->
available to install from this repository

Installation
------------

rct3 can be installed from this repository using the  `install_github` command from
the `devtools` package:

```R
devtools::install_github("ices-tools-prod/rct3")
```

Usage
-----

For a summary of the package:

```R
library(rct3)
?rct3
```

References
----------

ICES Transparent Assessment Framework:
http://taf.ices.dk

Development
-----------

rct3 is developed openly on
[GitHub](https://github.com/ices-tools-dev/rct3).

Feel free to open an
[issue](https://github.com/ices-tools-dev/rct3/issues) there if you
encounter problems or have suggestions for future versions.

The current development version can be installed using:

```R
library(devtools)
install_github("ices-tools-dev/rct3")
```

Previous versions
-----------------

This code was modified from a older version help on code.google.com:
https://code.google.com/archive/p/cpm-tools/
